today is the first day of college we are
here at ubc my home university
i'm here to find out what campus looks
like during this coverage season
what's open what's not also i brought
five mystery care packages i prepared
for the incoming students
so i can give out that to them and help
them prepare
for the start of semester all right
let's go
this looks so empty it kind of gives me
a like
eerie vibe especially with the haze
probably from like
forest fires or something but man
this looks dead and it's the first day
of classes
wow all right so right now we're walking
to a classroom or somewhere we can sit
down and attend the school-wide
orientation for first day of college
imagine day online think about the
excitement there
anyway by the way 86 of you are not
subscribed according to youtube so if
you enjoyed this video
why not hit the subscribe button and
join the go gang
and i believe if we all make an effort
we can make it to a hundred
thousand subs this month all right go
gang i'm counting on you let's go
this is the henry angus building aka ubc
starter school of business this is where
i used to call home because i study
marketing here i literally just tried to
get in and the guard was like
no you can't come in because right now
this building or at least this one
is limited to exam students and faculty
so no students can enter the building
that's actually kind of weird
let's try some other buildings so right
now we're walking towards ikb which is
the main
library on ubc campus i'm going to see
if we can actually get in
hopefully we won't get kicked out again
let's see
did you have to book online yeah even
like if you're just
sitting in the table yeah because we got
to control the occupancy because before
covered we averaged 10
000 students a day through this building
so yeah to make sure it's safe in here
man a little sad because i didn't know
we had a book online
so uh i guess we'll book online and come
back later
we'll see yeah
yo what's up man what's up big fan
thank you thank you thank you i'll
sanitize this later
all right peace okay this is a good spot
all right so right now let's attend some
online classes yeah online classes here
we go
very much excitement so there's two
things happening online today for the
first day of classes
ubc is hosting the pep rally online
usually it's like a 7 000 people all the
first years gathering
in the stadium that we have seven
people
and the spirit is just wild but today
that's happening online
and then the other thing that's
happening online is clubs day
normally there will be like clubs all
along maine mall and
individual booths they tell you about it
try to get you to join
today online boothing
let's check that out let's see how it is
this is hilarious
i pulled up the pep rally it's a
freaking youtube video
they premiered so it's not even live or
anything here we go
i'm so hyped
oh my gosh it's an hour long oh my god
yo my video looks better than this go
watch the campus crawl tour
right click the campus crawl tour
instead of watching this
you're here to be a part of
the best university in canada
i don't know how hyped that would be if
i was the first year
watching this i might just like okay i'm
done with this let me take a gap year
real quick
i'll come back next year
[Applause]
wow i feel the school spirit
just running through my veins
hi i'm jen and i'm studying commerce
like how was your first day of college
so far
we just attended like an online pep
rally
did that get you hyped up it was a
little underwhelming
but you know like it's better than
nothing so right now i'm joining one of
the
club events maybe this will be better
because it's like live
zoom meetings we'll see i'm joining one
of my favorite clubs
uh ubc biz china
oh oh okay hello hello our primary focus
[Music]
[Laughter]
wait you're a subscriber
thank you for watching my videos
i thought you look familiar all right
now we're going to join another one
this is a ubcma marketing club let me
in baby let me in my friend jensen was
the president of this club for one year
hello how many people have you had come
through
so far oh we've had a lot
we've been pretty busy that's pretty
well organized for a marketing club you
know they had like
breakout rooms and everything and they
promote video
okay i like it the last club we're going
to check out for the day
is the ubc esports association if you
didn't know our school is pretty good at
league of legends i think they
actually were in the lcs which is the
competitive league and i think they have
their
booth on discord
what is happening i'm so confused
i think they're streaming league of
legends for their online boothing event
that's so cool ubc added this row of
restaurants last year the good thing is
all the restaurants are still open
during this season so
you can get food wherever you want right
now i'm having ramen this is a new ramen
place
with uh yim booster ramen with ginger
so uh we're gonna stay safe over here
with my immune boosted
i approve so what are you guys most
excited about
this upcoming school year definitely
just meeting everyone like right now how
we're meeting in person
um and then how are you gonna meet in
person when it's online classes
i i don't know i i wish we could but
it'll just be zoom calls for now
how's have i been this year it's
definitely been much quieter not as many
students on campus do you think your
life has been
uh different like things are a little
bit harder to navigate
or not um yeah honestly i think so even
though like some courses are a bit
easier for example
last year there was a final and um a few
papers that
are assigned with the course but this
year it's mainly just projects and
assignments
so you're staring at the screen all day
being that zone is just very draining
and i think that's going to be the main
difficulty of this year i got a prize to
give to one of you because
the transition's been a little difficult
with online classes
and the pandemic and everything so i
wanted to come here
and hand out care packages to the
students
you get to choose one of these boxes are
worth 50
and one of these has a value of one
dollar and the rest are like twenty
thirty dollars
so pick wisely oh this is
tough what are you thinking what are you
leaning towards
automatically i don't want to choose a
dollarama bag what about that dollar
rama one dollarama one i mean it looks a
little more sketchy with the plastic bag
but
i mean i'm kind of thinking that the
thing with the 50 value would be
in something that you don't really want
to move around the boxes are very
deceiving so
yes if you want to pick that one i'll
take this one are you sure
yes okay i'm gonna take the yellow box
i'm gonna go with the dollarama bag i'll
just go with
the blue one this is yours
thank you oh it's heavy is this like a
rock
oh a water bottle oh a nice water bottle
this is so cute
oh my god i love candles there you go
that's perfect
okay that's actually a good scent
pencils
that was a one dollar one that's okay
that's okay hey
the thoughtfulness of the present is
what matters a salt lamp am i
is there something in it i feel like i
should open it oh it actually is
thank you chose wisely that was the high
highest value one oh really
yeah that was the fifty dollar one thank
you i appreciate it thanks for the gift
um
i'm actually allowed to keep it or yeah
of course it's yours thank you i
actually needed a lamp too so
thank you no i was literally gonna go
and like buy a bunch of candles recently
oh
nice planning on doing that so thank you
you're welcome
is it a is it a campus crawl t-shirt
yeah
now i can wrap compass call super
excited yeah this is not even released
oh yes limited edition i can wrap this
on campus now you know where it is
wear over your shirt wow subscribe to
half whose
channel you know i'm all my productivity
advice that i'm currently getting is all
from you and so
you know makes a really big difference
thank you that's
inspiring for me to hear that's awesome
this is a ubc swimming pool but right
now it's reservations only so this is
one of the activity centers with the
basketball courts another gym
and it looks like for most public
facilities
you have to register online before you
can enter
because they're trying to limit the
number of people allowed
to enforce social distancing so right
now we're in ubc nest
and this is like the central community
meeting hub for all the students
thank god this is open because all the
rest of the buildings
either have to book online or it's just
straight up can't enter
so here are all the stores all the food
places
it's good you at least have some
recreational space to meet your friend
but the rest of the places are like so
strict all right so right now we're in
orchard commons
one of the nicest first-year dorms and
as you can see behind me
it's completely empty the cafeteria is
still open
which is great people can eat the gym
over there
is still open the washrooms are still
open it's just that
i can't find any students so let's go
search
for some students near here i'm here
with
iris iris elizabeth elizabeth awesome
what year are you guys and what are you
guys studying i'm in first year
engineering
i'm in arts for the law and society cab
program how
was your first day so far pretty good
what are you most nervous about this
year um nothing really confident girl
i'd say i'd say i'm nervous just about
figuring out how online courses are
gonna work
and hopefully don't fail any courses or
anything
no you won't you won't fail come on you
won't fail
don't say that so overall the first day
of classes was pretty successful
honestly it's not too bad on campus it's
basically normal
with a couple safety procedures like
social distancing registering online
and wearing masks you can still get the
same campus
experience as you would normally and if
you want to see
a ubc campus tour campus crawl is making
a comeback on the campus crawl
official channel go subscribe and go
watch the video right here alright go
click that
watch it until the end hit the subscribe
button there too my name is happy go
join the go gang and i'll see you in the
next video peace